bridging.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/Dogs_correlations.Rout-1.pdf
cgInterval.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
cgInterval.txt:CFIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
cgSerial.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
cgSerial.txt:CFIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
cgSerial.txt:CFIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
cgSerial.txt:CFIG rabies_correlations/intervalPlots.Rout.pdf
covid_colloq.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
covid_colloq.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/intervalPlots.Rout.pdf
covid_colloq.txt:WFIG 0.85 rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
covid_colloq.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/correlations.Rout.pdf
covidGens.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
covidGens.txt:CFIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
covidGens.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
covidGens.txt:CFIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
covidGens.txt:CFIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
covidGens.txt:CFIG rabies_correlations/intervalPlots.Rout.pdf
genEst.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
genEst.txt:EXTRA FIG rabies_correlations/Dogs_correlations.Rout-1.pdf
mathGens.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
mathGens.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/intervalPlots.Rout.pdf
mathGens.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/correlations.Rout.pdf
outbreakGens.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
smb_covid.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
technical.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
technical.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
technical.txt:CFIG rabies_correlations/intervalPlots.Rout.pdf
temp.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
temp.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/intervalPlots.Rout.pdf
temp.txt:WFIG 0.85 rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
temp.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/correlations.Rout.pdf
uncertainty.txt:FIG rabies_correlations/figure/general_interval.png
cp rabies_correlations/correlations.Rout.pdf my_images
rabies_correlations/Dogs_correlations.Rout.pdf
cp rabies_correlations/intervalPlots.Rout.pdf my_images ##
